# Receipt Points Processor

## Overview

This project is a web service designed to process receipts and calculate reward points based on specific rules. Built with the Go programming language and the Fiber web framework, it offers a lightweight, efficient API for receipt processing.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go (version 1.15 or later)

### Installation

Clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/receipt-points-processor.git
cd receipt-points-processor
```

### Running the Application

To run the application directly on your machine:

```bash
go run main.go
```

The service will start listening on port 7777 by default.

### API Endpoints

The service exposes two primary endpoints:

## Process Receipt
- Endpoint: /receipts/process
- Method: POST
- Payload: JSON object representing the receipt
- Description: Takes in a JSON receipt and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by the code.
- Example Request:
```bash
{
  "retailer": "Target",
  "purchaseDate": "2022-01-01",
  "purchaseTime": "13:01",
  "items": [
    {
      "shortDescription": "Mountain Dew 12PK",
      "price": "6.49"
    }
  ],
  "total": "35.35"
}
```

Example Response:
```bash
{
  "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310"
}
```
### Get Points
- Endpoint: /receipts/{id}/points
- Method: GET
- Description: Looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.
- Example Response:
```bash
{
  "points": 32
}
```

### Rules for Point Calculation

# Points are awarded based on the following criteria:

1. One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
2. 50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
3. 25 points if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
4. 5 points for every two items on the receipt.
5. Additional points based on the item description length and price.
6. 6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
7. 10 points if the time of purchase is between 2:00pm and 4:00pm.
